Here we are again
Changing your life can save you.
Close to your magic dream
Close to the people.
How can I help you now if you don't let me in your -
Over and over again
Closer to my life.
When the world is running down - get closer.
We can't tell you goodbye.
All the world is waiting for - get closer.
We can take you in the night.
Here we are again if you don't let me in your -
0:02:15.080,1193:02:47.295
Close to your magic life
How may I help you now
0:02:19.000,1193:02:47.295
Close to new people.
Changing your spell can save you.
Over and over again
Closer to my life.
When the world is running down - get closer. . . .
When the world is running down
All the world is waiting for - get closer.
We can take you in the night.
When the world is running down - get closer.
We can't tell you goodbye.
All the world is waiting for - get closer.
We can take you in the night.